Number Rolled|Poison Name|Poison Type|Poison History and Ingredients|Poison Effects| Price per Dose|Submitted By;;Submitted By
1|Medusa's Kiss|Contact|Some know of the fabled Gorgon having the power to turn adventurers to stone by one look, but what they don't know is that this property is also obtained by harvesting the eyes of the creature itself.  Merely making contact with the fluids within the eyes will cause the same effect.  This was first used by a Cult of a Gorgon in order to get revenge on the hero that slayed their patron.  To this day that adventurer makes a fine addition to someone's garden estate.  |DC 14 Constitution saving throw. If the saving throw fails by 5 or more, the creature is instantly petrified. Otherwise, a creature that fails the save begins to turn to stone and is Restrained. The restrained creature must repeat the saving throw at the end of its next turn, becoming petrified on a failure or ending the effect on a success. The petrification lasts until the creature is freed by the greater restoration spell, other magic, or once an hour passes.|500 GP|Curt S.;;Curt S.
2|Cerberus|Ingested|The Cerberus poison is created from the blood of a devil, a demon, and a celestial being.  This three ingredient combination creates a potentially lethal poison against outsiders and mortals as well.  Luckily it is an ingested poison that when metabolized causes long term problems that could be lethal.|DC 17 Constitution saving throw.  Failure causes internal bleeding that is painful and crippling.  Any creature ingesting the poison and failing will lose 1d4 Constitution points and becomes fatigued within an hour.  After 24 hours of that initial internal burn and bleeding the poison continues to go through the body.  Fatigue remains throughout the whole process until purged.  The poison lasts 3 more days after this in which the DC goes up by 1 every 24 hours.  If failed another 1d4 Constitution damage happens.  Once one save is passed or 3 days from the initial saving throw pass the body purges it but the victim remains fatigued for 6 more hours.  If the poison runs its course and does not bring Constitution to 0 the victim survives albeit hurt from the ordeal.  A victim that reaches a score of 0 on Constitution dies of internal bleeding and organ failure.|750 GP|Leo N.;;Leo N.
3|Dragon Farts|Inhaled |Despite what it's name implies, the poison Dragon Farts is not created with Dragon farts at all. It is crafted from an extremely high density toxin created from the neck glands of a dragon where it draws its breath weapon from. Most of the poison is abstracted from young dragons, although it would be the most powerful found in an ancient Dragons neck gland. Most harvesters of this poison steal eggs from a dragons neck, or capture baby dragons when they are first leaving their mothers nest. It is an extremely dangerous occupation, but extremely rewarding if done successfully. A young dragon can make one use of this poison. The gland is compressed and combined with compressed air in a glass vial to give it the exploding nature that it is known for. It is easily smelled from up to 200 feet away, but nearly invisible, which is why it is known as a fart.|DC 17 Con save or speed is reduced by 30 to a minimum of 5 feet, the targets cannot take actions and they take 2d10 damage of the type that the dragon the poison is made from corresponds too. The targets take half as much on a successful save. The poison can be thrown 60 feet, and expands into a 20 foot cloud. Dragons and dragon born are immune to the effects. You must make a saving throw everyb|5000 GP, but is banned in many places due to the risk involving war with dragons.|TheLordRuler02;;TheLordRuler02
4|Manticore's Sting|Injury|TBD|TBD|TBD|Curt S.;;Curt S.
5|Stuck Pig|Contact|This poison is made from a young pig that was fed Argus root (a semi rare shrub found in mushroom clumps in forrests) The pig slowly gets sick and the puss from the sores on the body are then cultivated, boiled and turned into this poison|DC 16 con save. Failure causes temporarily paralysis of the effected body part, rendering it useless for 30 minutes and you can repeat the save every 30 minutes with the DC decreasing by 1 each time. A successful save will negate the effect|150gp |Shawn DeGeiso;;Shawn DeGeiso
6|Purple Mist|Inhaled|The mist from burning a Purple Merb plant has traditionally been used a help Seers and Oracles achieve the necessary state for their trances and prophetic visions.|DC 18 WIS save. On a failure the target has  falls under the effect of the Calm Emotions spell for 1d4 hours. Afterwards, regardless of a Success or Failure, the target must make a DC20 CON saving throw or be overcome by a feeling of intense hunger for 1d4 hours afterwards.|5gp not sold in stores but in sketchy areas/slums or churches.|/u/BurnByMoon;;BurnByMoon
7|Pinky Swear|Contact|This specialized poison is made from the tortured soul of a mortal and a combination of magical essences known to only a few immortal beings. A geas spell is also used in the process.|DC 18 Wisdom saving throw. This contact poison makes it easy for others to compel and suggest victims to their bidding.  When affected the creature feels a desire to please the person as if a geas spell was used on them. The victim will feel compelled by the first suggestion done to them so the timing of the poison is crucial.  The victim is susceptible to the powerful poison for 10 minutes.  The poison will affect the first suggestion that is made to the victim and the victim will do it within the limits of a geas spell.|3000gp|Leo N.;;Leo N.
8|Mind Fire|Injury|Brewed with incredibly difficult to attain ingredients this poison is the bane of wizards. The ingredients include the pineal gland of an Elder Brain, eye of Beholder, vampire ash, and water from the River Styx.|DC 20 Constitution Save. Failure saps the mind and nullifies the victim's connection to magic. Lasting 8 hours the afflicted is considered to be in an antimagic field for the full duration though they are affected normally by the magic of others. The afflicted also takes 3d6 Intelligence damage.|2,000 GP |Neil Malo;;Neil Malo
9|White Tincture|Ingested|This poison is made from refined stinkcap mushrooms, and is a favorite of assassination method for adventurers. Their rations will be laced with this so the adventurer is far away from help, left to die a slow, painful death. While the materials are common enough, the time and skill needed to make a single dose (ten day and DC 15 Nature or Survival check)  makes the base price 750 gp.|Those subjected to this poison must succeed on a DC 18 CON saving throw or take 2d10 poison damage and become poisoned. The poisoned creature must trepeat this saving throw ecery hour, taking 2d10 poison damage on a failed save. Until this poison ends, the poison deals can't be healed by any means. After four successful saving throws, the effects end and the creature can heal normally.|1000gp;;1000gp
10|Mammon's bile|Contact|Discovered in the Minauros layer of the nine hells, the poisonous gel is made by mixing 1 part bog water from Minauros, with 1 part white tarragon, and distilling for 2 hours|DC 15 con save, upon failing mild discomfort is felt on the skin, small pustules form on skin and grow to 1 inch diamater in 10 minutes, after a few minutes the pustules begin to pop releasing blood dealing 1d6 -1 damage per turn|200 gp|Evan L;;Evan L
11|Succubus Lipstick|Contact|Blood of a succubus mixed with common cosmetic. Found mostly in brothles, its history began with a friendship between a female human and a succubus.The human was in love but the man was ignoring her advances. The demonic help changed the situation. |DC 15 Wis saving throw or be charmed for 1 day by the one who gives you a kiss with the lipstick on. Works only on those attracted to women. |100 gp|Alessandro Spasciani;;Alessandro Spasciani
12|Gaia's Bless|Ingested|Spring water mixed with fertalizer while casting the "awaken" spell. It can help farmers but it can be a terrible vengeance if ingested with any type of plants.|DC 13 Con saving throw every hour for a week or all the seeds, leaves or any other piece or part of a plant will start to grow at exponential levels. Failing 3 times means death by a erupting branches from within the target body. Can be cured with high dosages of alcohol.|50 gp|Alessandro Spasciani;;Alessandro Spasciani
13|Fates End|Injury|Made from bone meal disolved in 2 parts burning ice (methane trapped in crystal structure), 2 parts ammonia, 3 parts alchohol, plus a little blood from a babe that's seen no more than 2 moons. Mix together using feathers from a dove.  Created by a wizard by would one day meet his end in a gambling den. |DC 10 Con or Int - Gain 2d6 temporary hit points.  After 1d6 rounds take 2d8 physic damage.  On a failed save roll on the Long Term Madness table.|15 gp|BioshockedNinja;;BioshockedNinja
14|Truth Balm|Contact|Made from Asarabacca root, hornet wax, salt of the sea, and some drops of blood from a devout priest (or cleric) of Good Alignment.  This "poison" was developed by Madame Cecily, a gypsy sorceress who supected her husband was a cheat.  She used this poison in the form of a lip balm to apply to herself.  Once she kissed her husband, she then begain to ask questions about his adultering ways.  Lets just say, this fisherman now lives at the bottom of the river of some long abandoned gypsy camp, and she went on to sell (or give) this special balm to those who also suspect their lovers of cheating.|"Must be applied to the lips of one creature (is unaffected by the it) and only takes effect after contact with another target creature's lips. A creature subjected to this poison must succeed on a DC 12 Constitution saving throw or become Poisoned for 1 hour. The Poisoned creature can’t knowingly speak a lie, as if under the effect of a Zone of Truth spell."|"Free to any Female Character with a lover in their backstory100GP otherwise"|Curt S.;;Curt S.
15|Hail's Revenge|Contact|Made by the evil Gnome, Stump Hail, to get back at those who laughed at his condidtion. The poor guy was allergic to the outdoors and this concoction is his revenge. Made form the root of a chili tree, a dash of Isoid Pepper mixed in goblin saliva.    |DC: 15 Constitution saving throw or else the creature goes into a horrible sneezing fit and their eyes begin to water causing temporary blindess.  They are disoriented during combat and at Disadvantage for 1d4 rounds.|50g |Slaptac;;Slaptac
16|Mother's Milk|Ingested|This almost milk like substance is extracted from the Yu-Ort plant in the Tian Xia region.  The process is extremely dangerous to anyone nearby as the plant will excrete the liquid when anything warm touches it.  This is thought to try and kill any animals that brush against the plant so that it will decompose nearby to enrich the soil.| Constitution DC 18 - Onset 1 minute - Frequency 1/round for 10 rounds - 1d3 Con damage - Cure 2 consecutive saves|1000gp |Exeros;;Exeros
17|Goblin's Piss|Ingested|A rare and hatefull trick to play on fellow adventurers. Collected from a small goblin hung upside down from a tree and gathered in the targets water satchel.|Constitution DC 12 or target will vomit and enter a rage at fellow companions for 1D4+1 rounds|5 SP|SlumberK;;SlumberK
18|Rocket Propulsion|Contact/Injury/ Suppository|This potent mixture comes in two seperate vials that have been twisted into one. It is said to have started as a wild night of drinking and dares between two dwarves from the high mountains, as the dares escalated, one of the dwarves remembered an old magic trick from when he was young, a bottle of spoiled wine mixed with the bubbly sand from the old salt mine from the valley below, with a pinch of pepper. This discovery would pave the way for Dwarven avionics. |DC 15 Constitution check, on success the user is propelled 1D100 feet in whichever direction is opposite the point of entry. On a failure, the PC will have horrendously noisy gas for the next hour, automatically failing any stealth checks. |500GP but only bought or sold with Hill Dwarves. |DMDaveM;;DMDaveM
19|Assassin's Solvent|Injury|This simple poison can be made in batches of ten from 50 gp worth of stinkhorn caps and requires a DC 13 Survival or Nature check and two days to make.|The target must succeed on a DC 13 CON saving throw or be poisoned for one minute.;;The target must succeed on a DC 13 CON saving throw or be poisoned for one minute.
20|Primitive Incense|Inhaled|Historically used to destabilize the commoner's trust in their rulers. Otherwise used by lords to remove undesired court wizards. Composed of Intellect devourer grey matter (or cranium rats), alcohol, makko powder, and spices or flower to taste.|DC 15 Consitiution Saving throw. Target's intelligence score is reduced by 5 (2D4) for 1D6 days, or half as much time on a successful save. This affect cannot reduce intelligence lower than 3|500 gp|Doomshock;;Doomshock
21|Crypt Sap|Injested/Injury|Originally used by Assassin guilds to ambush targets in war torn areas in times gone, it is now used to cause teammates to unwillingly harm each other. It is made up of a mixture of swamp water, Wight blood and zombie puss, all combined in the skull of a long deceased troll.|DC 15 Con save. On failing, the target takes on the characteristics the Undead type for 1d6 hours. The target does not need to breathe or eat in this time. They do not take damage from Necrotic attacks, and instead are healed by them for the duration. However, regular healing is ineffective, and instead does damage based on the heal, plus 1d8 Radiant damage.|1000 gp|Dunnakhiin;;Dunnakhiin
22|Insomniac's Wish|Injested|Made by the esteemed Doctor Aryew Sweepay in order to help those who cannot fall asleep on their own. It was later picked up by nefarious sects and modified to what it is known as today.|The Ingester must make a DC 15 Wisdom saving throw or have the percived effects of the "Darkness" spell centered on them for 1 min. If they pass they simply receive momentary tunnel vision.|125 G|lordforthwright;;lordforthwright
23|Desert Sand Oil|Injury|Often coats the blades of desert bandits. Infused from the venom of a common sand viper.|Character's that are damage by a weapon coated in Desert Sand Oil must take a DC17 Con save or take an additional 1d8 poison damage. After 1d4 rounds of combat, character's damaged in this way must take an additional DC17 Con saving throw, or be poisoned for 1 hour.|200gp|Wafflefanny;;Wafflefanny

25|Tortoise's Toxin|Ingested|Despite the name, this particular poison is not made from or by any tortoise-like creatures. This very light, green powder was originally developed as a means of anaesthesia but later testing determined it to have controversial side effects.|DC 13 CON save. On failing, the target begins to get drowsy and suffers disadvantage on all attacks. Within an hour, the target drifts to sleep and can't be awakened by normal means. Once asleep, the target may make a DC 13 CON save every hour to wake up. Once awake, the target has exhaustion levels equal to each hour they were asleep.|70 gp|Bertboxer;;Bertboxer
26|Ogre's Little Toe|Ingested|The toe nail of an ogre. First used as a practical joke of an assassin on his nefarious friend, after loosing a game of cards.|DC 10 CON saving throw. On a failed save, the creature takes 1d3 poison damage and become incompasitated for 1d3 hours. On a successful save, the creature takes 1d3 damage.|50gp|FORGOT_NAME_AGAIN;;FORGOT_NAME_AGAIN
27|Meek's Bane|Inhaled|Harvested from a rare plant beast that uses the gas to weaken unsuspecting creatures and then grab them with its tentacles in order to feed on them.|Affects characters in 10 feet radius. Targets have 1d4 reduced strength for an hour for every 5 points on the roll below DC 21 Con save, so 1d4 between 16 to 20, 2d4 for a roll of 11 to 15, 3d4 for 6 to 10 and 4d4 for rolls 5 and less, all for 1 hour.|175gp|moskonia;;moskonia
28|Robins Spit|Contact|A combination of goblin sweat and a mixture of certain poinonous mushroom extracts, this harmless yet irritating poison is often used in petty revenge. It is relatively cheap but is only sold on black markets in small quantities. The poison is clear and greasy, it can be applied with a cotton swab to any surface so when a creature comes into contact, it gets on their hands then creates burning vapors that makes their face itchy and whatever they touch (e.g. Ears, nose, eyes) becomes unbearably itchy for up to an hour. The poison was originally developed by a spindly weak rogue of a thieves guild in Luskan to distract victims with unbearable scratching and rashes to steal from them easier.|A character that comes into contact must succeed on a dc 19 constitution check. On a fail the target suffers unbearable itchiness and hand/face rashes for up to an hour. Washing off the irritant quickly in under a minute from making contact gives advantage.|50gp a vial|Thechaoticevildm ;;Thechaoticevildm 

30|Cthulocane|Inhaled|Developed by a Cult of warlocks to the Great Old Ones, this poison is derived from drying and griding up bits of lesser abberations. The Cult uses this fine dark purple powder specifically when recruiting new members to their society, whether the person wants to be a member or not. Some say it opens the mind's eye to the realms of these alien creatures for better understanding of them, but all who been touched by this poison know one thing is certain, and that is pure madness is the only way to understand a Great Old One.    |"DC 18 Constitution Saving Throw.  On a failed save, the creature initially takes 3d8 Psychic Damage.  They also have to make a roll on the Long Term Madness Table which the effects last lasts 1d10 × 10 hours.   On a successful save, the creature takes half of the damage and has to roll on the Short Term Madness Table which the effects last lasts 1d10 minutes If and ONLY IF the creature or character affected rolls a ""1"" on their Saving Throw, they must make a roll on the Indefinite Madness Table."|"Free to Warlocks (Great Old One Pact)|450GP to others"|Curt S.;;Curt S.



34|Whelk Sap|Contact or Injury|Derived from the venom of a beast deep below the surface of the ocean called the Abyssal Whelk, and mixed with an agent to keep it liquefied until applied to a blade. This malodorous poison was only discovered by an adventuring party mere decades ago, after hearing of the beast's masterful ability to incapacitate its prey.|On a successful attack, determine the region hit by the attack and roll a DC 18 Constitution Saving Throw. On a successful save, creature takes 4d6 Acid damage and 4d6 Poison damage and rolls a DC14 Constitution Saving throw to resist poison aftereffects. On a failed save, creature takes 8d6 Poison and 8d6 Acid damage, and must make a DC 18 Constitution Saving Throw to resist the targeted region becoming numbed, with effects such as: Leg - Movement speed halved and unable to dash - Attacks and spells cast with disadvantage if applicable - Torso - Attacks against you are made with advantage - Head - You are vulnerable to the first attack you take each round. Effects of poison last until removed via magical healing, such as Restoration|400GP for single-application doses|/u/tinynewtman;;tinynewtman


37|Taco Neck|Contact|Created quite recently by the evil witchdoctor/pseudo medical expert Chrio of Practor to drum up business, this poison is created by mixing the bone marrow of Ghouls with Mandrake root.|DC 15 Constitution save. This poison causes the muscles in the neck and shoulder region to contract, shifting the head downward to the dominant arm, and the shoulder of the dominant arm upward toward the head. All actions are made with disadvantage, and resting has no effect until cured. Can be cured by spending a long rest stretching (making three consecutive successful DC 10 acrobatics checks), or by paying any suspicious medical expert 50g.|"Free of charge. Let them know Chiro can make the pain go away!"|/u/welivedintheocean;;welivedintheocean
38|Courtly Manners|Inhaled or Injested|A classic. Hard to trace, hard to find, takes 2d4 weeks to take effect. Corrodes internal organs over time, making creatures with regeneration immune. Used to kill nobles because its hard to identify event that poisoned the victim.|The effects can't be stopped except by healing spells and effects that remove disease, remove poison and also restore HP. A DC 20 Con save at the end of each week will add or remove a day from the initial time to take effect for every 5 over or under the DC the victim gets. Thus, a 55, which is for most creatures impossible to obtain, will negate the effects of the poison for a full week.|1500 GP |/u/PatMatRed1;;PatMatRed1
39|True Separation Flowers|Ingested|Flowers that are found on bushs on top of mountains in high elevation. They only bloom once a year during harvest season at midnight. They will stay bloomed for 24 hours before they wither and die. They can be mixed with a jar of honey to make a thick liquid form that can be bottled.|DC 15 Con save. If passed, nothing happens. If failed, the one who ingested it turns into a Dullahan. Their head will part from their body 10 minutes after ingesting. The affect can be reversed by ingesting sap from a Sticky Tree that grows on rocky cliffsides. Once ingested, the affected must lay down for an hour with their head laying above their neck.|Flower must be picked during the period it blooms|/u/masuabie;;masuabie

41|Dragon's Kiss|Inhaled|Dragon's Kiss is harvested from the glands that create a chromatic dragon's breath weapon shortly after it dies. The glands are dried and crushed into a powder, which can be blown into a victim's face. There are many kinds of this poison, as it's effects differ with the type of dragon it is harvested from. This powder can be transferred safely in a normal bag, just don't get it wet.|After inhaling, the victim must make a DC 20 Con save. On a fail or success, consult the following...     https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eAmH95iIM9Jt2bHdW-H7qnEwiJkY489d_wLFWCTfj9k/edit?usp=sharing|Average price on the black market is 2000 gp for a dose|/u/galacticconquerer03;;galacticconquerer03
42|Wanderer's Fate|Injested|Partially named after the plant it is harvested from, Wanderer's Fate is drawn from the shoots of Wanderlust, a stout and clover-like plant. It's historically used as a deterrent for vermin, but applications on larger creatures should not be ignored.|Once injested, the consumer must make a DC 15 Con save. If failed, the consumer takes a -3 penalty to Wis and Cha rolls. In addition, the consumer begins to lose their sense of direction - any time they wish to navigate somewhere alone or unaided, the target must succeed on a DC 17 investigation check, or become lost. These effects last for 1d10-Con mod hours.|House-use doses for vermin can be purchased for 3-6 SP - doses for use on humanoids cost around 10 GP|Tay;;Tay

44|Golem's guts;;s guts



48|Twilight Moon Dust|Inhaled|Created from glowing mushrooms spores found in deep in caves or dungeons, this poison is commonly unknowingly inhaled by adventurers only for the effects to be revealed later.|DC 12 Con save. However, effects only trigger with contact with bright light. After absorbing said light, entering an otherwise shadowy or dark area will cause a release of light as the Light spell, fading over the same period of time (maximum 10 minutes). Creatures with sunlight sensistivity should treat the light as sunlight if the light absorbed was also sunlight.|10 GP|/u/Typer525;;Typer525
49|Glassblood|Injury|Favoured by drow torturers, this clear syrupy liquid, rapidly spreads within the victims bloodstream causing debilitating pain when struck with blunt objects. Ideal for long sessions of "information gathering" when drow are thought to be planning escapes to the surface. It's manufacture is known only to the Priestesses of Lolth, who distill the substance from Phase Spider venom and mix it with the rendered fat of those who betray the Queen of Webs. The victim usually becomes the latter.|DC 16 Con save. On a failure, for the next hour the victim gains resistance to Piercing Damage but is Stunned for 1 Round if it takes Bludgeoning Damage unless it succeeds another DC 16 Con save. If the Bludgeoning Damage is dealt by a Critical Hit, the victim must make a DC 16 Con save or be Stunned for 1 Minute as their body suffers the horrible agony of their blood breaking into thousands of tiny shards within their veins.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              .         |Average price on the black market is 500GP for a dose.|Eggs_Maledict;;Eggs_Maledict

51|Prestidigitator's Patois-Paralyzing Pepper Potion|Injested|Prepared from a patricularly pungent patch of alpine peppers, the Prestidigitator's Patois-Paralyzing Pepper Potion was produced primarily as a provicial product of the parish of a specific potentate. Previously presented by a potluck participant, it's pure potent power was repurposed as a poison specifically planned to put the palates of particular prestidigitators past their purposes.|DC 15 Con save. If failed, the imbiber's mouth goes tingly and numb for roughly 10d6 minutes, rendering speech awkward and difficult. An affected creature has a disadvantage on any actions that require vocalization to enact/activate. Spells cast that require a vocal component suffer a -5 to their spell save DC. If the affected creature currently has an active concentration spell or ability, they must make a DC 15 saving throw to maintain it.|"10 GP (often purchased as a gag gift or a prank to play on friends)"|/u/Lestenna;;Lestenna
52|Meklor's Toad Juice|Contact|Created with a mixture of toxins extracted from various venemous toads this poison dramatically slows and relaxes the victim. It's glassy, clear, and quite viscous. It sticks easily to skin, and to clothing. Invented not as a poison, but as a medicinal anasthetic, the touch of the poison rapidly numbs the skin and the mind. Those exposed report tingling in their extremities, and powerful, though benign, hallucinations. |DC 10 Con save. On success, victim moves to the bottom of the initiative order. If they have already acted this round, they do not act again until the following round. Apon failure, the creature is dramatically slowed. Movement speed is halved, and all attacks made by them have disadvantage. All attacks against them have advantage. This effect is ended with another DC 10 CON saving throw made at the end of their turn. If raging, target must make DC10 WIS save or be so calmed by the effects of the poison that the rage ends.|20 GP|/u/NPCmiro;;NPCmiro


55|The Sweet Sweet Release of Korb Nagglebrek's Slimy Limes of Time|Contact|A viscous substance with a bright green hue that vibrates slightly as it comes into contact with the victims skin. The substance is the brainchild of one Korb Nagglebrek - a perverse halfling alchemist who dabbled in the dangerous field of time-travel. Discovered as Nagglebrek attmepted to convert a lime into the ideal time-travel fuel, the substance causes the victim to revert to an age where they felt the most joy in life. This sensation feels like the greatest release of pain and grief the victim has ever felt, as if one has not been able to cry for a decade. However this lasts only briefly, as then the substance catapults the victim forward in time, leaving them in their last moments of death. Korb has said of the substance that it is "not his worst work".|DC 18 Con save, then - if applicable - a DC 14 Wis save. If the Con save is failed, the afflicted character is aged back to the age they determine to be the happiest in their life. However, the GM may choose to overrule any decision made by the player to an age more reasonable or suitable, at the GM's discretion. After 1d6 minutes the character is then aged rapidly to within the age of their death, as determined by their race. If the character in question fails the Con save, then a WIS Save is required. If this too is failed, then the character recieves the mind of the age they have been aged to. If the constitution save is successful, then the character feels a slight sense of nostalgia and no other adverse effects. |PP|Joseph Crook (@photocrook on Instagram)|





61|Clockmaker's Bane|Injury|A black, oily substance that looks almost exactly like mechanical grease or lanturn oil, it was origionally devised by the gnomish assassin, Perticulo, in responce to a request from a friend to dispose of a rival artificer. Magically refined from a mixture of lycanthrope blood, displacer beast saliva and black jelly residue, coupled with stablizing agents, it was specifically designed to kill slowly and appear to be natural progression of a disease while remaining non-magical in nature, so as not to alert the artificer and allied mages as to it's nefarious purpose. Given it's unusually persistant effectiveness, Perticulo refined and honed the recipe over many years and used it repeatedly as a subtle way to dispose of magically attuned folk and those prone to low vitality. His refinements caused it to lose some of it's potency and ease of deliverance, but remained a niche and effective tool in his arsenal for many years until he was eventually killed by a werebeaver, trying to procure more. The poison dissapeared from use for decades before his notes were eventually unearthed, and the Theives Guild began manufacturing and distributing it more abundently.|Must be applied with slashing or piercing damage only. The victim must make a DC 8 CON save. On a failure, they gain one level of fatigue. On a success, they gain -1 CON. The Constitution penalty cannot be restored or avoided without the use of a 5th level spell or higher (such as Greater Restoration). Fatigue inflicted by this poison cannot be cured through rest. This roll is repeated every 24 hours from the time of injury. The poison does not do damage, nor inflict the poisoned condition, and so cannot be resisted, and will not be detected by Detect Magic, nor will it be revealed by Detect Poison and Disease, unless the character specifically targets the viscous poison itself (note: once inside a victim, it will not be revealed in this fashion either, unless the character has knowledge of the poison and it's effects.) Once the victim has reached a -10 CON (10 sucessful saves, or more if Greater Restoration is used), the poison loses potency, and they regain 1 CON every 24 hours after for the next 10 days until they are back to their normal modifier, as well as recovering 1 level of exhaustion induced by the poison each day. The poison can be delayed indefinitely through Greater Restoration, but can only be neutralized before it's end through directed use of a curing or restoritive spell with specific knowledge of the poison (cannot be cured randomly with magic or non-specific antitoxins), or a 9th level spell (such as Power Word Heal, or Wish directed at curing the ailments of the victim.) The victim dies only if they reach 0 CON, or Level 6 Exhasion.|350 GP per vial from select, anti-arcane branches of the theives guild. It is not difficult to manufacture, but its knowledge and recipe are carefully guarded secrets, found only in specialty books and known to master poisoners. (vial contains 100 doses)|/u/lostkavi;;lostkavi





67|Angel's Breath|Inhaled|Discovered accidentally after a couple of lovers wandered deep into a forest and smelled the wrong wild flower, this bright, royal blue powder is made from the pollen of those flowers. It needs to be refined in order to be maximally effective (as described here). It is now used by criminal organizations to rob naive travelers, especially when they are few in number. It is so potent, that all a criminal needs to do is take a handful out of his pocket when close to his mark, unfold his hand not far from the victim's face, and blow the powder in their direction.|The target must make a DC 15 WIS saving throw or else enter a pleasant twilight state for 1d4 hours, during which the body is still fully functional, as if the mind wandered off somewhere and the body became a functional zombie. While in this state, the target is extremely open to suggestion, as if under the effects of a Charm Person spell. When the effect wears off, the target has no memory of anything that occurred during the episode. This only affects Humanoid types, regardless of immunity to Charm since the mechanisms of action are different from spells.|Its refined form is only available for purchase from a Thieves' Guild or other similar criminal organization. Price varies depending on perceived level of need, usually charging 500gp or more per dose. |DAE;;DAE

69|Quadruple Foul|Ingested|A poison made by mixing a variety of other poisons to achieve devastatings effects|The target must make 4 DC16 CON saving throws, and will recieve the effects of whichever ones fail. Multiple effects will not be active at the same time, and instead will activate when the previous effect ends. 1st: Poisoned for 1d2 hours. 2nd: Paralyzed for 1d2 hours. 3rd: deafened for 1d2 hours. 4th: Blinded for 1d2 hours.|Recieved from quest asking for one potion of each effect it inflicts. Afterwards, party is given 1 vial and the recipe|/u/BurnByMoon;;BurnByMoon


72|World's Deadliest|Ingested|It is a slightly watered down dark green liquid, which smells and tastes like pine needles. Contrary to its name this poison is actually relatively harmless in its effects. Usually sold by shifty merchants to scorned lovers in order to make an easy profit. Due to the nature of the purchase, the common man is left without legal recourse.|Target must make a DC 15 CON saving throw to resist the effects of the poison. If target fails the saving throw, their veins take a dark blue appearence and they suffer from a stomach ache for 1d4 hours. At the end of which they must make another DC 15 CON saving throw to resist. If they fail once again, roll another 1d4 hours. After which the poison fades, leaving the victim unharmed.|Usually 5Gp, however the merchant will charge whatever the believe they can get away with.|got_pixels;;got_pixels


75|Devil's Impulse|Ingested|A poison made for its appealing appearance irresistability. Originally crafted to entice lesser intelligent creatures to consume it  as to render them paralyzed. Those administering the poison would be standing by in order to  dispatch them quickly. Usually created in mass quantities and produced for large meals and to be mixed with food and drink. Usually made from unknown substances found in the fire plane. |The target must succeed on a DC 17 Con Save or becomes paralyzed until lesser restoration is cast  on the victim.  If lesser restoration is cast within 4 hours of drinking the poison, the target must make a DC 15 Wis Save or will become dependent on the poison and must find more or suffers 1d12 psychic damage every day without ingesting the poision. This cycle can only be broken by casting greater restoration on the target and then all effects are removed. |750 gp|Boomdabah;;Boomdabah

77|Glare|Ingested|A poison made by boiling various cave mushrooms. It is a black, oily liquid that dissolves in water. Created by a druid attempting to create a potion of night vision, but had unintended side effects.|DC 15 CON save. After 1 minute, target gains dark vision. Vision slowly becomes brighter, over 10 minutes, until everything is white. The target is the blinded, and every 10 minutes must make a DC 12 WIS save or take 1d4 psychic damage. Lasts for 1 hour, then fades back to normal vision over 10 minutes.|Why would anyone sell this? Because I'd buy it.|DorkMage;;DorkMage


80|Voodoo Gash|Injury|Made from objects of great importance to the mixer. Could be objects of sentimental value, remains of a loved one or pet, something crafted with love and care, or expensive jewelry. Sacrifice is the name of the game. If objects of tremendous importance or great amounts of revenge are put into the making of the potion, the effects should amplify appropriately. Often made with a target in mind.|Must be applied to a weapon a few hours (4ish) in advance - If not, the effects are halfed. The target must succeed a DC 18 Con save or sprout a small limb out of the wound or bruise. The limb is a bone-thin white arm with a small hand on the end of it. The hand has long three long pointy fingers and a thumb that grip a small dagger made of bone. It is squishy to the touch. It 'lives' for 24 hours and constantly makes +1 attacks on its host and does 1d2+2 damage if successful. This attack happens on the turn of the host during combat. Can be cut off with a sharp weapon - DC 14 Con save 4d4 damage on fail, half on success. If ripped off barehanded, the wound it leaves remains open and does not heal without the aid of magic along with doing 4d4 damage. If ignored for the full 24 hours, it starts drying out and wilts off the host like a dying leaf but no other damage is taken. It can also be held imobile with ones hand (str 6 grapple) or bound with rope and it will struggle to free itself until it does so or dies off. Can be removed by a restoration spell or quality healing potion without worry. The little arm is also affected by any condition the host is - if the host is knocked unconcious so is the little arm. If the host is affected by a spell that makes them dance uncontrolably the little arm also dances. And so on.|cool stuff man or 260 GP and something dear to your heart for 2 doses|Smelly Good Voodoo Shaman;;Smelly Good Voodoo Shaman


83|Astral Density|Inhaled|This poison was bottled from the gasses of a falling meteor, as it streaked through the atmosphere and left its celestial trail, a passing merchant happened to have one last empty vial to fill.|DC18 Constitution save. Roll 1D100 to determine how many seconds the user can hold their breath, the can then unstop the bottle, inhale its contents, and feel the effects. While inhaled, the PC will have their density increased by 5D10 times, allowing them to break through walls, resist movement or influence, or even exert their own gravitational field. |Found as a subject of worship in a small citadel carved into the side of the valley where the meteor fell, the awe inspiring swirling contents of the vial has garnered much attention, its worshippers may not let it go without a fight. |DMDaveM;;DMDaveM
84|Thiefs' Bane|Contact|This poison is a well-known secret between nobles of towns and cities to stop criminals from stealing valuables. The poison is cheap to make but is not very potent, it is therefore, in high supply and not used by nobles of the upmost wealth. It is mass made with a small vial of bassilisk saliva, a vial of basalisk saliva would be able to make enough poison to cover about 10-20 small items|DC15 Dexterity save. Roll 1d6 to determine how many hours the victim has disadvantage on Dexterity saves and checks. The sensation should be when most potent- be described as completely numb in the arm you attempted to grab the item that the poison was covered in with, and as the effect is about to end the person should be able to feel their arm but just barely with pins and needles. |80G for 15 small items worth of it. However the person MUST be in a circle of nobelmen in order to buy it of it|MrFillywonk;;MrFillywonk
85|Mako's Spores|Contact|The poison, first documented by Mako Vrothgrin, a Half-Orc traveller, can be found on an underground genus of mushroom. The fungus is turquoise/gray in color, and can be spotted by its greenish glow.|Any body parts that make contact with the mushroom, or poison made from the mushroom, are smeared with the green, flourescent "jelly" that coats the mushroom and quickly seeps into the skin. For the next 1d6 hours, the body part glows a green that acts as a dim light with a radius of five feet around the individual. DC13 Constitution Save. On a save, the victim shrugs off the effects of the mushroom/poison (Except for the glow). On a faliure, the victim takes 2d6 poison damage.|10G per 1 small bottle of the poison.|/u/Sevastopol_Station;;Sevastopol_Station
86|Dragon's Blood|Inhaled / Injury / Injested|Dragon's Blood is widely believed to be the actual blood of fallen dragons cursed to poison those who try to steal from the dragon even after death. The opaque, red gemstone can be mined in areas of volcanic activity and then crushed into a fine powder, easily mixed with water (tasteless), or heated to a vapor (smells like rotten eggs) and used as needed.|Upon being introduced to a person's body, they must make a DC16 Constitution saving throw. On a failed save, the affected person becomes poisoned for 1d8 days and takes 3d6 poison damage. While poisoned this way, the victim experiences an itching sensation all over their body and begins to profusely sweat. After 1d4 hours without treatment, the person begins to have impaired vision resulting in a -1 penalty to all skill checks or attacks reliant on vision, suffers insomnia, and is unable to complete a full rest without waking suddenly. After 1 day without treatment, the person suffers from memory loss and an inexplicable weakness resulting in a -2 penalty to Strength and Intelligence. On a successful save, the person takes half damage and is not poisoned.|500 gp|Huulkinat;;Huulkinat










97|Pink Goo|Injury|Created by mixing minotaur milk, a drop of dragon blood and the yolk from an electric lizard's egg, and then letting the mixture sit for at least a year. Smells terrible. Once it is inside someone's body it quickly spreads, creating a uniquely horrible sensation, although not a painful one.|DC 19 wisdom save, on success causes disadvantage on all checks until the character's next round. On fail causes the target to take 2d6 poison damage and prevents them from doing anything beyond movement. The effect continues until the target manages to succeed a saving throw, or until 5 rounds have passed.|230gp|moskonia;;moskonia
98|Guilt|Any - comes in many forms |Roll another poison. This batch of Guilt is indistinguishable from the specified poison. Made by treating the specified poison with a purifying antivenom from the Feywild. The powder that makes Guilt was the brainchild of a Sprite named Gillywug the Gleeful as a prank.|Guilt mimics the effects of the specified poison, but requires a Wisdom save instead. Any damage dealt on a fail is psychic, and the target's physical body otherwise suffers no ill effects (though it may percieve otherwise). On a success, the poison has no effect.|Cannot be bought. Must be procured or produced in the Feywild, commonly in exchange for a deal with the seller, the terms of which vary.|/u/TheOtherGuy52;;TheOtherGuy52
99|Sleeping Sand|Injested/Inhaled|A powder distilled from dried Ankheg venom. Commonly used in desert regions as its appearance is similar to grains of sand, hence the name. When small amounts are diluted in a beverage, it has a strong bitter taste and a numbing effect, but is only lethal in more concentrated doses.|DC 15 Constitution Save. 2d10 poison damage on a failed save or half as much on a success. Regardless, the target's mouth and throat become numb for 1d6 hours, causing slurred speech. In lower doses, this numbing is the only effect, and is prevented with a successful save.|50gp for a 10oz bag. Safe dose is anything less than a pinch.|/u/TheOtherGuy52;;TheOtherGuy52
100|Poison of Slight Tongue Discomfort |Contact|"Used to cause numbeness to the tongue, causing brief discomfort and speech impediments. Commonly used by jesters to appease their majesty. Originally created by a mad food tester in a royal court, due to him hating the royalties diet and the chef's recipes. Requires the blood of a boar, root of tamarindes, and the saliva of a sleeping goblin.  I used this http://www.traykon.com/pdf/HerbEncounterList.pdf  "|After first contact, roll a DC 12 strength save. Can only be rolled once every 24 hours, after 3 days the effects are permanent. Effects: first contact, minor numbed tongue and swelling. Second day, tongue turns purple as swelling continues, loses all taste and character must only speak as if their toungue has been effected. Third day, full blown swelling, tongue will not swell any more but instead act as if a inflated ballon is in your mouth. Characters tastebuds have been ravished with almost no hope of tasting again (roll a DC int 15save after eating to taste temporarily, just for the meal. Fourth day, effects are permanent, (with DM's discretion.)|Price 150GP, unless you go to a jester, and convince him of your prank.|Tsaiki;;Tsaiki